Previously on "Relatively
Famous Ranch Rules"...
My dad's Martin Lawrence.
My dad is Shaquille O'Neal.
David Hasselhoff
My dad's Eazy-E.
Let's go!
We need you guys to help us
reopen in 30 days.
We're gonna introduce you
to your horse.
Ooh, I don't like that.
- You won't do anything.
- I've never been on a ranch.
I don't touch sheep.
I don't do none of this stuff.
We're all in this together.
Why'd you come here then?
You remind me, like, of my
younger brother in a weird way.
Is that, like, an insult
or...
No.
- No, no.
Not by my stuff.
Ohh.
You thought it was funny
five minutes ago.
But now that everyone's mad
because you're the ass[bleep],
you're mad at me.
with me one more
time, I will hit you.
I'm not getting used to being
on the ranch at all.
the no side.
♪
Ladies, we got to go.
It's so early.
I'm still tired.
I'm gonna change.
My nose gets really red here.
- Do you feel better?
- No.
Ohh.
But I'ma get dressed.
Even though I've never done,
like, any of this,
like, hard labor stuff before,
I'm not like
other celebrity kids.
I didn't have
the silver spoon.
My father passed away
when I was just four years old.
At the time
of my father's death,
my mom and him
were no longer together.
He was dating
a couple of different people,
and there was
a last-minute secret marriage
that took place while he was
isolated in the hospital.
The woman who married him
on his deathbed
and his new lawyer
who was her friend
drew up a will and trust
that basically took 100%
of everything.
He was the owner
of Ruthless Records.
He was the head of NWA.
He's built over
a billion-dollar empire,
and I don't see
a penny from it.
Everything that I have
definitely did not come
from a trust fund.
That definitely came from
my mother and my hard work.
♪
All right, guys,
I think we should get out.
Time to go, yo.
♪
Oh, my God.
I haven't even done
my makeup yet.
This wouldn't be the first.
Go, Tay.
My dad has, like, four shows
at the Wynn in Vegas.
When you say
he has a show,
what is he doing?
- He's DJing.
What?
You've never seen videos
of that?
No.
Oh,
it's the most epic thing ever.
Tay, let's go,
What is just--what's
his name? Shaq?
- DJ Diesel.
- Oh.
You know my dad's a DJ,
DJ Hoff.
- No way.
- Yeah.
They should be back-to-back.
That would be sick.
Oh, sorry. Okay.
Yeah, it's gonna be
a great day.
Sure hope so.
♪
- How are we doing today?
- Good. How are you?
How are you doing?
All right, y'all.
You guys are gonna be
responsible for reshoeing your horses here.
In three weeks, you guys are
going to be taking tourists
all over the ranch
with these horses.
The backs have
already been done,
so we're gonna reset
the fronts.
The fronts need done
more often.
When you're in saddle, carry
75% of the weight of the horse.
So we shoe around 95 horses
before the tourists show up.
And we reset 'em
every eight weeks.
These horses
are the lifeblood of the ranch.
We shoe horses
for the safety of the horses.
It's definitely
a young person's job,
but I don't know
about these eight.
They don't have the physical
toughness, I don't believe.
So you're going to be
cleaning the foot,
rasping the nails off, pulling
the shoe--old shoes off,
then tomorrow fitting
in a new shoe to the foot
and nailing it on.
So this is
a full-on pedicure.
- Full-on pedicure.
- Got it.
- All right.
- Let's send it over to Mitch.
Mitch has been shoeing horses
since he was 19 years old.
Oh, my God. Of course,
his name was Mitch.
It instantly reminding me
of all the 11 years I've heard,
"Mitch, Mitch,
Mitch, Mitch.
My dad's name on "Baywatch"
was Mitch,
and I really hate that name.
I knew my dad was famous
at an early age,
because I grew up
on the set of "Baywatch."
My dad was a heartthrob.
Every single person
and their mother thought
he's the hottest guy
at the time.
I have no idea
how my mom did it.
But my parents are divorced,
so I don't think it worked out
for that reason.
Hey, Mitch.
- Hey.
- 'Sup, Mitch?
Well, if you guys
want to come on over,
we'll show you how
to take shoes off.
We're working with an animal,
so he'll react off of you.
Oh, my goodness.
So no sudden movements.
You don't go fast. You go slow.
So always ask him
to pick his foot up.
But to start, you want
to take your hoof pick.
Did you call that
a hoof pick?
- Well, this--
- The screwdriver?
I use a screwdriver,
but you guys will--
Yeah, I was gonna say,
that's a screwdriver.
You'll want to clear
the debris out.
- I'm not doing that.
- That doesn't hurt him?
- No.
- I'm not doing that.
Put that foot on the stand,
and then you're going to take
the smooth edge of this rasp
and file these nail heads off.
Oh, I don't know about this.
Put the foot
in between your legs
and hold onto it
with your knees.
Then you'll start back here
on the heels and then just go--
You're not touching. I'm in
between the foot and the shoe.
I thought taking off
my thigh-highs were bad.
And that's all there
is to it.
You make this look so easy.
God, that's a lot.
Go ahead and grab your horses
and bring them up to the fence,
tie them up,
and we'll start shoeing 'em.
Okay.
I can barely breathe out
here,
and they put the horse way down
on the other side of the ranch.
Go ahead and tie him up
to that post. Perfect.
Yeah.
And then to lock it, you just
put it in the nail like that.
Good job.
Go clean that hoof.
What's a hoof?
The foot, man.
Get in there.
- They never--
they never said that.
They said toes.
Where do you see toes?
Horse toes.
There's no horse toes.
It's a hoof.
- Feet.
- I'm dying. That's so funny.
They have shoes.
Come this way with it.
There you go.
Mother
- Let me square it up.
- Okay. Come on, meatball.
Just squeeze
that tendon down low.
All right, go ahead and clean
that debris up.
Perfect.
Now we're going to put it
on that stand.
With the smooth edge
of the rasp,
you're just taking
this nail head off.
- It's like a cheese grater.
- There we go.
You're getting
the hang of it now.
- Those feet grow back ever?
- It'll grow back.
- Oh, they do grow back?
- Yeah.
It's just like your fingernail.
It's the exact same thing.
- You ready?
- Grab the bottom of his foot.
Okay. Thank you, babe.
- Ready? Down in there.
- Oh, oh.
Wow.
I have a lot of anxiety
about this job.
This is not easy.
We almost got it.
One more good one.
I mean, I get my nails done
every two weeks.
Typically, there's no pain,
but there are instances
when I accidentally get cut
or the drill hits me
the wrong way, and it hurts.
Oh, my gosh.
We're amateurs.
We could easily hurt them.
You can hold on
to it with your legs.
There you go. Squeeze it.
You want to pry down
and kind of towards the inside,
just like that. You got it.
There you go.
Thank you.
I don't want to do it.
- Got it?
- Whoo!
Got to take this off.
The only part
I'm really worried about
is holding the horse's foot.
Pick his foot up.
This is the most
dangerous thing we've done.
If you get kicked by a horse,
you could die, like, instantly.
Pick it all the way up.
Every time I come up
he just puts it back down.
- Pick it all the way up.
- I'm picking it up.
He's just like.
- He doesn't wanna do it.
So when you pick it up...
I don't think that Myles
is used to, like, labor work.
All right, try again.
I'm starting to hit
my limits.
He's gonna pick it up.
Yeah, there--here it comes.
Now just hang on to it and
grab it with your other hand.
There. You got her.
I don't know
if he's done physical work
a day in his life.
Good job.
It came off in one swoop.
Who's next?
- Oh, God.
- Let's go.
- You got it, Jas.
- Come on, Jas.
- Oh, no.
- You got this.
- Okay.
- Start at the heel.
Yo, don't hold your breath.
Just squeeze.
You gotta, like,
exhale when you press.
Oh, my gosh.
I think I'm taking a foot off.
- You're doing good.
Grab ahold of that nail.
That's good.
- There we go.
- Nice.
- Ooh.
There we go.
We're seeing some life.
Here we go.
There you go.
Now do the other side.
Take it home.
Yeah.
- Whoo!
- Good job, Jas.
- There you go.
- I'm backing around you.
- Wow.
- Straight down.
- Okay.
I'm not looking forward
to nailing these horseshoes
back on,
because I'm scared,
honestly, to hurt the horses.
I'm scared for the horses
to hurt me,
because if I hurt the horse
and then the horse kicks me,
we're gonna have a problem.
Good job today.
Everybody got their shoes
pulled off,
their horse's feet clean.
We're done for the day.
Tomorrow we're gonna go ahead
and we'll prep the foot;
we'll put some shoes on them.
- Perfect.
- More feet stuff.
For today we're done.
Yeah. Good job.
Thanks, Mitch.
We should just run away.
Come on, guys, Cactus.
We out, man.
Let's go. Come on.
Oh,
I don't know.
I can't, like, breathe.
Oh, gosh.
If you can't breathe,
it's really scary.
Is there a medic here?
♪
Ooh. Oh, that's tough.
Oh, it feels so good in here.
My feet are cold.
I'm freezing.
God, this coffee
tastes so badly.
Ugh.
- Get a light late swell in.
- Light swell.
Got to be built
to shoe a horse.
- You're single, right?
- Yeah.
Us single man
need to get in shape here.
- Yeah, we do.
- It's kinda hard.
What do you think
about the girls here?
Oh, they're cool.
But it's more like
a family feel, you know?
I know. I just got
out of a year relationship.
I was so dedicated to my career
and my craft at the time.
The long distance
got in the way.
But right now,
I'm just single and healing
and having a good time
and all the above.
It's like I'm trying to get it,
like,
a read on Han a little bit.
You should just be
very forward, to be honest.
I think it's, like,
environment.
Like, how do you even approach
that here?
Like, what do you do?
Let me tell you
how to play this, bro.
- Tell me, dude.
- Take it from the expert here.
Hey, come on.
First thing you need
to do, isolation.
Find some type of excuse.
Maybe you're going in town
to go to the store.
Say, "Listen, you know,
you have a great style.
"Would you mind coming with me?
I'd love to have your opinion
on a few things."
That's money. That's--that's
some good advice right here.
I've been--I've been--hey,
I've been
doing this for a while, bruh.
That's some good advice
right there.
Hey, my numbers don't lie.
♪
Imagine you with a spray tan,
Harry.
I'd look like Austin.
Oh, my gosh.
Can I sit in this chair?
- It's your chair, Jasmine?
- It is your chair.
I'm glad you understand.
You okay?
It's, like--it's feels, like,
tight and heavy.
Like, I feel it right here,
and then it just--I don't know
how to explain it,
but it's like it
just--I just don't feel normal.
Maybe I'm sore
from bending over
and doing that
that horseshoe.
Oh, my God,
I hate this place.
Do you know how to make tea?
There's water in here?
Yeah.
You know this one this
I noticed about you?
You have, like,
really good style.
Like, I have, like--I like
to think that I have,
like, that country style.
But you have, like, that
rock-and-roll style.
Did you get that
from your mother?
I can tell.
I need you--I need you
to teach me about that.
If we have, like,
downtime tomorrow,
like,
without the group,
we should--you
should--we should go into town
and like you--like,
style me up.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Hell yeah. Let's go.
Let's go.
My parents' music and style
inspired me since I was a kid.
I was a tour baby for sure.
I traveled everywhere.
All I wanted to do
is just to sit on the front
of the stage
and watch the audience.
You know, every time we
would hear the song
"Heartbreaker"
because it was, like,
the last song, we would hear,
"Everybody on the bus,"
you know?
And so we'd drive
to a new state.
Being on tour is
very strange and very cool
but also normal for me.
♪ Feeling like a ten
♪ The best I've ever been
Now I love to sing,
and I really like to write
pop music.
I've written for artists
like Dua Lipa, Pia.
Not yet with Justin Bieber
but hopefully.
Writing songs has been
honestly, like,
engraved inside of me.
And it's just something
I love so much.
It's fashion show everything.
I'll come out like
in the movies, you know,
how when you come out
and just,
like, give you a little spin.
Like, that's what we should do.
All right, I'm down.
♪
Maybe next time
I go to Aspen
I'll take a flight down here
and see Cactus.
- Aw.
- No, I won't.
Come on, Cactus.
We out, man.
Oh,
No, I'm not.
I don't even like animals.
I don't know. I can't, like,
breathe or something.
Oh, my God.
It's, like, the past
20 minutes it's gotten bad.
Like, it keeps going,
keeps going.
♪
- You okay?
- Mm-mm.
Oh, gosh.
You all right?
I don't think so.
My body's, like, tightening up
and spinning.
My chest feels really tight.
If you're on a ranch
in the middle of nowhere
and you can't breathe,
it's really scary.
Is there medic here?
Oh, my God. I feel like
I'm about to pass out.
I literally hope somebody know
how to do CPR
if I pass out.
Where is the--
Yeah, where is this
medic?
I feel like
I'm going to just die.
Oh, my God.
♪
Hi. I can't breathe.
My chest hurts so bad,
and I was feeling dizzy.
Let's take your blood
pressure real quick
and see what's
going on here, okay?
Your blood pressure
is actually really good.
Feeling real anxious right now?
Probably.
Stick your finger out
just like that.
Oh, my gosh.
Okay.
So as far as what I can tell,
there is nothing medically,
you know, that's going on.
So what is it?
So I've been through
what you were going through,
and I was diagnosed
with anxiety.
I do suffer from anxiety.
And I think me scaring myself
when I was feeling, like,
that pressure in my chest,
the anxiety
was making it worse.
Has that ever
happened before?
No, not just off of nothing.
There doesn't even
really have to be
anything that triggers you,
right?
You just--it's just, like,
a subconscious thing.
You're doing pretty good
as far as I'm concerned.
Take some deep breaths.
Okay. Give yourself a shower.
- Yeah.
Have a good night.
Get some sleep.
- Thank you.
- Have a good one.
- All right.
- Thank you.
Thanks, Jeremy.
It's crazy.
Yeah, I need something, yeah.
I could definitely
relate to Ebie.
For me,
this happens all the time.
Even though
it's a mental thing,
it's a physical thing
at the same time.
You can't breathe.
It's stressful being up here
stuck on a ranch
in the middle of nowhere.
Maybe she's taking it
as serious as it really is.
People are gonna be like,
"The laziest bitch
has the most issues
on this ranch."
Oh, my gosh. Wow.
Take control of your--your
girl.
Don't talk to me
like I'm
First of all, first of all,
hold on.
Take control over her.
- I got him. I got him.
- Ohh.
♪
Ebie.
How's my little Ebie
doing this morning?
It's too early.
Gotta be in the car
in the next three minutes.
Impossible.
- Damn, you got ready fast.
- I wore pajamas,
and I have no makeup on.
♪
Hi, girl.
How you doing today?
Hi, buddy.
How am I looking, Tai?
Ebie's going through a lot
and just seems to be
really out of her element.
I think Ebie's not gonna quit,
but I just don't know.
I have barely no makeup on
in my pajamas
to change your shoes.
Crazy.
- All right, y'all. Gather up.
- Okay. This will have to do.
- Good morning.
How are y'all doing
this morning?
Ebie, are we awake
- Barely.
- Barely?
Yeah, I'm in my Pritchett
PJs, but I'm here.
Perfect.
I'm glad you're here.
We've called in the order
for the shoes
and everything,
the Elk River Pet & Ranch.
Y'all can go in and pick
those up today so we can get
the shoes on these horses
and ready to start riding them.
I just can't stop thinking
about putting
that nail into the hooves.
♪
Oh, it makes me cringe.
But I feel this internal
struggle, because I'm not sure
if I should speak up
in this moment.
♪
Can I ask a question?
Sure.
Is it necessary that we put
the shoes back on?
I just think it's--I
don't know.
I'm thinking of myself,
and I like it when I'm barefoot
and I can just, like, relax,
and they seem
to really like it.
When we get in rocky country,
it's really hard on their feet.
So it's really important
that we get shoes on them.
All right.
All right, let's get
going on it. Good luck.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
Thank you. I still don't feel
that well, you guys.
I'm going to go back
to the bunkhouse.
- Okay.
- I'll stay with Ebie.
I'll drive you guys back.
I'll take the other car
down to Elk River.
All right.
Yo, that's a pretty,
beautiful horse right there.
They have to be feeling such
relief to have these shoes off.
♪
Here we go.
We're here to pick up
some horseshoes
for Saddleback Ranch.
We're ranchers.
Can you tell?
Really?
- What else they got in here?
- Horse treats.
Yeah, some horse treats
would be nice.
Let's do these ones.
- Which ones?
- Some banana treats.
I don't understand why
they even use these anymore.
We also have glue -on ones.
Glue-on.
We don't have to use nails.
Yeah.
Oh, therapeutic
for the horse.
And they have
more shock absorption
and they're better
for the horse's host.
I like that.
If y'all gonna make me
put shoes on him,
let's at least get these.
- I agree.
Are they good for horses
that ride trails?
Yes. And they're--they have
better they have good grip.
It's actually easier
than nailing them
and they last six to eight weeks.
- I think we should get these.
- I agree.
It's going to be
so much easier for us.
What's the cons
of these, though?
Yes.
They're a little bit
more expensive.
I just feel better doing
something like this
if we have to put shoes on.
Do you think they're going
to be all right with that?
Okay, how about
we just bring both?
- Auntie Jasmine knows best.
- All right.
Don't forget the glue.
Remember,
glue--glue sold separately.
Remember?
- Perfect.
- All right.
I think it's worth it
to spend a little bit extra.
I brought my wallet.
All right,
it's going to be...
Okay.
- That's a lot.
- That's what I'm saying.
You can't put
a price on love.
- Thank you.
- You'll be getting that.
I got this.
It's the least I could do.
So how are you guys
liking it out here?
It's different.
It's definitely different,
you know?
- Well put.
- Yeah.
Very different.
You really couldn't tell
we were ranchers?
I couldn't. I'm sorry.
- Because of my hair?
- I don't know.
She's like that's enough.
Get outta here.
Thank you. Thank you.
See you.
Take care.
- You too.
Oh, I feel so much better
about this, y'all.
This is a good option.
- Good job, team.
♪
Wake up! Harry, get up.
I'm tired.
Come on.
We have to shoe the horses.
♪
Well, here they come finally.
How long does it really take
to go to the store?
Hello, guys.
Hey. Hi.
- Hi.
- We're bearing gifts.
Good afternoon.
Yeah.
Yesterday, you guys got your
horse's feet taken care of.
You got shoes pulled off.
Today we get
to put 'em back on.
Yippee.
- Yay.
So we do have the metal ones,
but look.
What is that?
We have some rubber options,
and these are new,
but stay with us here.
They're more comfortable.
They're therapeutic.
We just think this might be
a nicer alternative
to the steel shoes.
I don't think Jared
and Justin are gonna go for it.
Can you helped me
with my tanning stuff?
You don't think
this one's a little orange?
He's orange.
Money.
We have some rubber options,
and we just think
this might be a nicer
alternative to the steel shoes.
I don't think Jared
and Justin
are going to go for it.
You know, like, when you
get your nails glued on?
It's like the same thing.
- Well, I don't know, but...
Really?
They're a newer version.
You're going to be ahead
of the game
if you get on to these, okay?
Just trying to get
some Balenciagas on horses.
- Yeah.
Styling and profiling,
you know?
I am not convinced
these plastic shoes
are going to work or last.
We put them on with glue,
so it's quicker.
I know you have to do
a lot of horses all the time.
This would be faster
for you too.
I'm gonna let you check it out.
And if you look at that
compared to this,
I mean, come on.
This is, like, archaic.
- Nah.
- Well...
we'll try it.
Yeah, that's what I like
to hear, Mitch. Let's do it.
- Go get your horses.
- Come on now.
I would wear those.
I even said I'd try them on.
♪
Come on down, guys.
I'll show you how to do this.
The moment of truth.
Here we go, Jasmin.
This was your idea.
You want to make sure
everything's
lined up center here.
Got it.
And then we'll wrap it
about seven times.
- Okay,
- So the glue stays in.
- Nice.
- Go, Jas.
Perfect.
There you go.
So this is gonna go fast.
Real quick-drying glue.
See the glue coming out?
Mm-hmm.
I'm learning also.
You've never done this?
Not the plastic ones.
- All right. That's good.
- Perfect.
Yeah, y'all are
going to like this much better.
I like it.
You got them glued on good, so
we'll move on to another horse.
- That's how you do it.
- Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, yeah. Oh, she could box.
Ooh.
I'm happy that I stepped out
and took the initiative.
Now we have
the professional on board.
I know they have been doing
these still horseshoes
for decades,
but this is a good sign
that Jared and Justin
are gonna be on board too.
Nice.
♪
These are cool, girl.
We're gonna get you
a boyfriend after this.
Good girl.
Just like that.
Get it centered up.
And just hold it there,
and we'll wrap it.
We'll tie it about seven times.
Okay.
What's going on is,
you're pushing
in too far inside the hole.
Just stick the tip in.
Okay.
I heard that.
It's kind of cool
they took this initiative
to try something new, because
it's something I haven't seen.
Looks good.
First time for
everything, right?
Uh-oh.
Good recovery, Ebie.
Oh, man.
Thanks for helping me.
Been having a rough time
out here.
Yesterday I had, like,
tightness in my chest
and I couldn't really breathe well.
And I'm like, I'm trying,
I'm trying, but I don't know.
I see efforts in you
all the time, Ebie.
Do you have anxiety?
I mean, yeah,
I do have anxiety, but working,
waking up so early,
like, I'm not
really used to that, you know?
And I'm also
a recording artist.
I'm usually in the studio
late night, and I don't know.
It, like, just throws me off.
I don't know if I could go
to LA and stay up all night.
I struggle with anxiety
sometimes,
so I would never
wish it on anybody.
Yeah, it's not good.
And I think sometimes
when we're the most
uncomfortable in life
is when we grow the most.
Yeah.
Sometimes it seems like time
goes really slow on the ranch.
Yeah.
But if you take the time
to notice
all these really little things
it's like, oh, my gosh,
this is--this is why
they're like that.
She's hungry. She's like--
Yeah, it's--it's getting to
be suppertime for these guys.
Well...
But you might not have
even noticed that last week.
- You're right.
- You know?
So it's happening,
and you don't even know it.
- Yeah.
- Well, thank you.
- You're so cute.
- I appreciate you so much.
Regardless of everything
that's bad that's happening
Anne's just super encouraging.
And it does make me feel
better to be able to connect
with a rancher
who's experienced here
and knows all about it
and really understands
that I am just from
a completely different world.
You're really crying.
- I know.
I know.
- Oh, my gosh.
You're about
as sensitive as I am.
♪
- Hey, what's going on?
- Hey, guys.
- How are we doing?
- Pretty good.
Well, did we
get them all done?
- We did.
- Oh, my gosh.
Well, there's no iron
on the feet.
Well, where--where--where'd
the rubber shoes come from?
Tried to talk 'em out of it.
- Trying new things.
- Just came in.
They just came in,
so y'all--y'all
are ahead of the curve
of getting these.
And I think everybody's
gonna start using these now.
They have great traction.
They're safe.
How are they going to
hold up to rocks
and hard terrain and all that?
They're fine.
How long do they stay on?
- About eight.
- Eight weeks
Yeah.
Mitch, are they
going to hold up?
I think they're going to.
I really do.
I'm telling you.
♪
They've got shoes.
We said shoes.
We'll see how it works.
Thank God we got
the job done.
I made an impact here,
and I feel empowered.
They're Instagramable
horses now.
What's that?
What's Instagram?
You don't have an Instagram?
Oh, my God.
Whew. Let's get back home.
Ew, I just called
that place home.
- Nice day, guys.
- Thank you.
- Boots.
- I'm so hungry.
Oh, I need some of those
therapeutic horseshoes.
♪ Pick a flower
she will be gone ♪
Can you help me
with my tanning stuff?
- Yeah, baby.
- All right.
Just--you gotta get my back.
So one, two, three.
Oh, wow. That's a lot.
- Just start on my shoulder.
- Okay.
And then just--ohh.
Gotta be tan
for my date, you know?
We should go into town and,
like, you, like, style me up.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You don't think this one's
a little orange?
I mean, it's kind of weird
or whatever.
I've never put, like,
lotion on a dude.
And it's bright orange.
Like, he's orange.
How do you do your back
if I weren't here?
- My parents.
- Oh.
Or my dad or my brother.
Money. Thanks, bro.
appreciate that.
Of course.
So you never have to get
your teeth whitened.
You just tan your skin,
and your teeth will always
look white.
Yeah.
Do you have a crush
on anybody in the house?
Yeah, I'm talking
to her right now. Hey.
Okay, so smash
or no on the first date?
What?
Whew.
♪ I just want to feel
your touch ♪
♪ You're the one I love
so much ♪
♪
It's nice to get away.
Let's go. Whoo!
♪
What do you do every day?
Instagram and stuff
like that,
and 'cause I have,
like, brand deals.
I find myself in a bikini
most of the day.
♪
- I'm not mad about that.
- But...
A little bit nervous
about this date.
It's either good or it's bad,
and it tanks.
I'm gonna park right here.
And then I'm just at the house
feeling awkward
the rest of that summer.
♪
Oh, this place is cute.
No, this place is awesome.
How you doing today?
- Hi, y'all.
- I'm good.
Good to see you.
Peter, this is
my girlfriend, Han.
- Hi.
- I'm just kidding.
Ohh.
All right,
what are we looking for?
Casual?
- Oh, yeah.
- These can be casual--
What size are you?
- Ten.
- These are cool.
That boot is made of lizard.
- Lizard?
- Lizard.
Lizard.
Are you putting slang
on lizard?
I'm New England boy.
- Do you like these?
- Yeah, those are dope.
- I'm gonna try 'em on.
- Put your foot in.
And once you get in,
stand up and push and pull.
I don't want to break
your
Have you ever worn
boots before?
Oh, money. Whoo!
They look bad with the jeans
tucked in, though.
Do you have jeans here, Pete?
- Sure.
All right.
I'm just gonna pick out stuff,
and then I'm gonna
bring it to you.
You just got out
of a relationship, right?
Yes.
Would she pick out
your outfits for you?
No, she wouldn't.
I--I was always stubborn
and wouldn't let her to pick.
- Oh, no.
- 'Cause I love my style.
Did you just pick me
out a camo hat?
- yeah, I did.
- Okay.
yeah, I did.
Okay, so smash
or no on the first date?
What?
Whew.
Do you have a crush
on anybody in the house?
Yeah, I'm talking
to her right now.
- Oh.
- Hey.
All right.
I'm gonna try these on.
So what do you look for
in a relationship?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
- You good?
- Yeah. Personality.
- Personality.
- Is huge for me.
Other boot, please.
Personality is huge for me.
I think looks can
only bring you so far.
- Yeah.
- What about you?
I love, like,
being in a relationship.
I feel like I'm supposed
to be in a relationship.
- Wait, what did you say?
- Yeah.
You're looking for a new one?
- Me too.
I'm so blessed
to have parents
that are still together
after 37 years in this
industry.
Like, oh, my God, their love
has really inspired me.
So I expect that for me, like,
it's really rare, but you know,
it's not, like, impossible
to happen.
- Bang.
- Oh, wow.
This is money.
Can you help me with this?
Mm-hmm. No, you got
to keep it down like that.
- Yes?
- Yeah.
All right.
Your mom being who she is...
Mm-hmm.
How was that, like,
traveling-wise,
'cause my dad was traveling
all the time,
so I didn't see him that much.
- Yeah.
So, like, was that
the same with you?
Or were you able to travel?
I was on tour with my family
a lot during the summers
and stuff like that
so we'd always be constantly,
you know, traveling.
So I definitely spent time
with my mom,
but I also had, like,
babysitters and stuff,
so I have a good relationship
with my parents.
I was a little distant
from them growing up,
but they did everything
they could to,
like, be a part of my life.
I felt distant from my dad,
because I didn't understand
why he wasn't at my football
games, at my sporting events.
So, like, I kind of grew,
like, internal just, like,
what--what is going on?
Hana and I have
a lot in common.
My dad was on the road
all the time.
When I was growing up,
my vacation
was going to see dad in person
at a pay-per-view
at a big, big show.
My mom had to raise me,
because my dad was gone
300 days out of the year.
My mom was my rock.
But now that I'm in
the wrestling business,
now me and my dad
have that connection.
Look at this thing.
- Oh, yeah.
- Holy moly.
- Whoo!
- Open, right?
Whoo.
- Okay.
I don't know.
This is not my style.
No, you look good.
I saw a different side
of Austin today.
We kind of opened up a little
bit more about ourselves,
which was really cool.
It was authentic.
Give me a little pose.
Pose like this.
How they do it?
Thumbs in pocket.
It was really him,
and I could tell it wasn't
this big show
that was being put on.
Yeah, that's perfect.
You look great.
It's just very easy
to hang out with Han.
I feel like I'm just hanging
out with a good friend,
and I think that's the base
of every good relationship.
What do you think?
Yeah, you got the look.
- Yeah?
- Do we look like we're dating?
Why did you hesitate?
Thank you so much.
Thanks, hot stuff.
Let's get out--what? What?
What'd you say?
What?
I'm already
getting jealous, man.
What the hell, Pete?
You always steal my shine.
Thank you.
♪
You guys,
we've got some tequila.
♪ Dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah,
dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah ♪
We love tequila.
Hey, hey.
Isn't it a little early
to take shots?
- Nope.
- Because if you take them now,
then you can't drink as much
at the bar,
which makes the bar less fun.
You could drink some water.
How about that?
Wait, when have we ever
listened to Harry?
To a great night, guys.
Whoo!
Hey, we got Han out drinking.
♪ I'm feeling like a weight
has been lifted ♪
♪ Right off of my chest
♪ Ooh make your body move
Should we play beer pong?
So who's playing against you?
- I'll go with Tay.
- Okay.
- No. Tay--Tay wants me.
What if I want Tay?
Tay, get over here.
Let's dominate.
Is this the team?
Han and Austin, in my
perspective I think it's weird,
because he's always talking to Tay.
Tay Money.
me I love seeing you.
What's up, dude?
- Chillin'.
And then Han is there
on the sideline.
Ohh.
Yes!
These skinnies feeling
a little too skinny.
Ooh,
Two minutes.
Okay, should we go
to the car?
Yeah, let's go.
There's some tequila
right there.
♪
Would be nice
to be carried, man.
Where are we sitting?
Over here?
Oh, I don't like
to be cornered, damn it.
I like easy exit.
- Cheers.
Friends for life.
Can you lock in here?
We're friends.
- I know we are.
Love you.
- Love you.
Ready?
Hey, Han and Austin,
don't have any kids
on us, not while we're here.
We don't need any pregnancies.
Hey, Harry, we might have
something in common
at the end of the summer.
We don't have anything
in common.
We're both weird as
We say what's on our mind
all the time.
I'll never fake anything.
Yeah.
What do you think?
♪
I can't focus. Oh, my God.
All right, guys.
I've got dinner.
That salmon looks good.
And I've got your ribeye.
Oh, wow. Let's go, ladies.
You guys always wear
the same thing.
You guys are twins.
Twinies.
- Wifey, how do you feel?
- Yeah, for sure.
Bang.
All right.
Can I just be honest?
Go, Harry.
Leading up to this night...
Shut up, bitch.
Shut the up.
All right.
It seems like--I don't know.
I can't say it with her here.
I can't. I can't do this.
Her who?
Listen, if you want to say
something about me, you can.
Whoa, why are you mad
at me, baby?
Talk about me. Go for it.
♪
No, I'm just saying, it seems
like Austin is into Tay.
♪
Listen, if you want to say
something about me, you can.
Whoa, why are you mad
at me, baby?
Talk about me. Go for it.
No, I'm just saying, it seems
like Austin is into Tay.
♪
Any time we're all together,
like, he's talking
to Tay the whole time,
and then, like, you're sitting
on the sidelines.
I--I don't know
what to say about that.
I didn't get
that vibe at all.
I'm gonna tell you the real
deal, like, the real deal.
I--I know.
And you're going to say,
"I'm too nervous to talk to
her" in, like, an outside voice
just to look at Tay.
I get what you're going to say.
Don't play any excuses
on me, baby.
Stop looking at me that way.
This is all your fault.
♪
Whoa, don't look
at me like that.
Like, I'm just being honest,
and I think--
Stop insulting me
by saying I look at you
a certain way.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Stop saying
that to me,
'cause I look the way I look.
Stop saying
I'm making a face.
- I don't know how you look--
- Stop making--
Then stop looking at me
that way.
Stop saying
I'm making a face,
'cause I'm not doing anything.
Take control of your--your
girl.
Don't talk
to me like that,
you piece of
- First of all--
- I'm talking to you--
- Don't talk to me,
you piece of
- Whoa.
- Sit down, sit down.
- I will you up.
- Take control over her.
- First of all--
Don't
talk to me like that.
- Relax, relax.
- I will you up, bro.
- I'm not your bro.
I'm not your bro.
- Relax. Harry, Harry, Harry.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, really.
Hey, you look stupid
in that hat.
Yeah, you look stupid
in general.
I got him. I got him.
- Oh.
- I got him. I got him.
I got him.
- You piece of
I got him. I got him.
Don't
talk to me like that.
I got him. I got him.
Don't tell me I look stupid
in general. What the [bleep]?
Bro, I will
rock your world, bro.
I don't need you
to rock my world.
I'm not into you,
nor is Austin.
- I know, I know.
- Han, it's okay.
I know, I know, I know.
Get her, get her, get her.
- Don't
- Hey, hey, hey.
Whoo-ooh-ooh!
You're a weirdo!
Yeah, I am.
I'm sorry. Harry doesn't know
what he's talking about.
I about to
punch him in his face.
Look at me. Look at me.
Take a step back.
Take a deep breath.
I'm calm.
You're too powerful.
- Yeah.
- You trust me?
- I'm serious.
Yeah, I do.
Okay. Hold on. Can I relive
that one more time?
No, no, no, no, no.
Stay right there.
Like she's throwing
at me because I'm saying
that it doesn't seem like
he's into her.
If you feel that way,
maybe you should
talk to him on your own.
You'd have to be stupid
to think that he was into her.
You'd have to be
a idiot.
Next time on "Relatively
Famous Ranch Rules"...
Hello.
- Uh-oh.
- It's breeding season.
So we're gonna do
some AI work.
- Artificial insemination.
- Ugh.
- Ew, ew, ew, ew, ew.
- Oh!
We should let that bull
just get his freak on.
That's right, big boy.
You see it.
Come on, big momma.
Go get it.
Oh, man. What a day.
What a day.
How are you feeling, Austin?
I don't feel good at all.
We're breaking.
I'm so sorry.
What's happening?
That pissing me
the off.
Bring me my phone.